OSDOCS-17174: CQA of Compliance Operator Straggler Files (#116858)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-profiles.adoc

= Compliance Operator profiles

[role="_abstract"]

> Review the Compliance Operator profiles included with the installation so you can select the compliance benchmarks that apply to your cluster. You can use the `oc get` command to view available profiles, profile details, and specific rules.

Reviewer: Similar comment to previous about concept modules. 
Suggested revision.
```suggestion
The Compliance Operator includes several profiles that map to compliance benchmarks so you can evaluate the standards that apply to your cluster. You can use the `oc get` command to view available profiles, profile details, and specific rules.
```

Author: Similar strategy, I'm thinking the change in the shortdesc was unneeded. Reverting.
